Hi, my name is Annaliese Dayes from America's
Next Top Model and welcome back to Celebeauty
on VideoJug Beauty.
From Disney Princess to edgy pop princess
we have no problem understanding why we receive
so many requests on You Tube to recreate Miley
Cyrus's style.
So, that is exactly what we are going to do
today.
[Music]
Miley Cyrus loves the grungy casual look and
outfit number one definitely shows that.
First up, we have these crystal print leggings
from Forever 21 at 8.75.
They are quite psychedelic, mess with your
eyes slightly, but at the same time exceptionally
comfortable.
Miley Cyrus is very young and she likes to
get a little bit risque and we have done that
with this black triangle bra from Urban Outfitters
at fourteen pounds.
It is by the brand Kamichi.
It is very comfortable.
There is no underwiring and you will get a
little glimpse of it underneath the top that
you are wearing.
And this speckled top is what we are going
to throw on over that triangle bra and get
that great slouchy effect.
Miley Cyrus is all about comfort and this
top with the low sleeves and neck line is
great.
Now Doc Martens are a staple piece to any
Miley Cyrus outfit.
Now these are from Dr. Martens themselves
and are ninety pounds.
These are the modern classic eight eye patent
boots.
These are the ultimate grunge classic and
vintage piece; a statement piece for any outfit.
To complete this outfit we have gone for this
bracelet from New Look at 5.99.
It is cream and gold and it has got these
gorgeous pyramid spikes to it, perfect for
any rock chick like Miley Cyrus herself.
Look two, is definitely more of a grungy summer
look.
A little bit more skin on show.
Miley loves a crop top and this one is from
Topshop at eight pounds.
Loving the sleavelessness and the kind of
stretchiness too.
Miley has got a great figure and this is the
perfect way to show this off.
To pair up with the white top we have got
these white Levi cut off jeans.
They are forty-five pounds.
Levi's is the ultimate classic.
I'm loving the ripped bottom and the little
detailing around there as well.
And to keep those high waisted shorts up,
we have got this classic brown leather belt
from Urban Outfitters at twenty-five pounds.
This is one of those classic belts.
It is simple and timeless and goes with anything.
This is a check shirt and it is by ASOS and
it is by the brand Avila.
It was originally thirty pounds, but is now
in the sale for twenty.
Miley loves to wear this around her waist
or simply chucked over a simple tee.
These great boots are fifty-five pounds.
They are from ASOS and by the brand Absence.
They are biker boots with this great buckle
detailing as well as the zip as well.
And to add in a bit of accessories, we have
got this twenty-five pound necklace from ASOS
by the brand Made.
This necklace is definitely very unique.
There is some chain.
There is rope and even some charms hanging
off of it.
And to finish off her super star look, we
have got this New Look, round tortoise shell
glasses at 4.99.
I definitely feel like a celebrity and I am
loving this retro look.
I hope you liked this Miley Cyrus style video.
If you did, click the subscribe button.
If you want to see more celebrity style videos
then hit the like button.
I might see you again next time.
Bye.